[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he stood
upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
It's been two years
since the War of the
Best in Marineford.
Scattered across the world,
Luffy and his crew
underwent special training
to prepare for the trials ahead.
Now, thousands of feet
below sea level,
they set sail to the next
step of their journey:
Fishman Island.
Only by passing
through its waters
may they reach the New World.
There! Perfect!
That contraption is called
the Flutter Kick Coating!
It's an extravehicular
diving suit.
[NAMI] Wait a sec! You guys
forgot the safety ropes!
[BOTH scream]
[SURUME roars]
Rocket Launcher!
[USOPP]
Not another one!
Guard Point!
Everyone okay?
[gasps] Now, Mil Fleurs!
Gigantesco Mano!
[ALL screaming]
Everybody did great!
Now, guess it's my turn!
[LUFFY] "Lost in the Deep Sea!
The Straw Hats Get Separated!"
[LUFFY]
Now, Third Gear!
Armament Hardening!
What the hell is that?
It must be a new move!
So tough underwater.
Come on!
Aw, crap!
Doesn't look like that octopus
is gonna wait patiently.
Blue Walk!
Oh, my. Sanji just
left his bubble!
He's fast even in the sea!
Like a Fishman! So cool!
[SANJI] I spent two years
running from those monsters
on that island.
And the first thing I do is
run straight at another one.
But all things considered,
this one's a bit cuter, really.
Diable Jambe!
Bien Cuit... Grill Shoot!
[roars]
[SANJI] Can't hold my
breath much longer!
Three-Sword Style...
Crossing the Six Paths!
I thought this thing
was supposed to be
some kinda legend.
Pathetic!
[ZORO] All I've done is fight
these last few years.
It sounds awful
when I think about it,
but I'm actually
grateful for it.
But I still haven't
surpassed him yet.
And that's why...
I'll keep getting stronger.
Uh, wow.
[gasps] I couldn't
even see his attack!
Ugh. I coulda handled
that on my own.
You say somethin', number seven?
I will kill you dead.
You can try.
Hey, were you two
not listenin' to me?!
I told you not to cut it!
My turn! Gum-Gum...
...Elephant Gun!
[yelling]
[grunts]
He blew it away!
[NAMI gasps]
What kind of training did
Luffy go through?
He did it underwater, no less!
[CHOPPER]
Hm? What the--?
You guys see that?
[OTHERS]
Huh?
[NAMI]
It's a shark.
Huh.
Yeah, why is that
shark wearing a shirt?
Not to mention it's huge.
[LUFFY]
What's it doin'?
[ZORO] Thanking us
for helping it, maybe?
[SANJI]
Nice manners for a fish, huh?
What's up?
The sea current
is pulling us in.
That's not good.
Let's get back to Sunny!
Yeah!
[LUFFY yelling]
They're being swept away
by the downward current!
[USOPP] We can't get split
up down here! Follow them!
[FRANKY]
Right!
[STRAW HATS screaming]
[CHOPPER] I don't wanna die
down here! It's dark and wet!
[CARIBOU] Would you fools
pull it together?!
[FRANKY]
Forgot that dude was here.
Why aren't you panicking?!
[CHOPPER screaming]
[BROOK]
If I had a stomach,
I would be voiding its
contents right now!
Keep the yard level, Franky!
Turn hard to port!
Otherwise we're gonna crash!
All right, I'm on it!
[NAMI] Don't let up for a
second or the ship's a goner!
Let's keep it
together, everybody!
Stay in the center
of the current!
Doin' my best!
[FRANKY]
It's way too fast!
[LUFFY laughs]
This is awesome!
[laughing]
You're awake.
Ah! What a headache!
[USOPP sighs]
But at least we made it.
Hm?
What's wrong? Why're you
all making such long faces?
I mean, I'm awake now, so
there's nothing for you to fear!
[USOPP]
Man, is it freezing!
Luffy, Zoro, and Sanji
have gone missing.
They're lost in the sea.
[USOPP]
What?
The most we can do now
is hope the monster
didn't tear them apart.
[USOPP]
Glad you're being optimistic.
[BROOK]
Huh?
[USOPP] How are we
supposed to find them
when we can't even see
what's in front of us?
[BROOK]
I don't like being in the dark.
It feels like something could
attack us from any direction.
[FRANKY] The best I can
guess is we've descended
about 7,000 meters.
Even the Shark Submerge can't
sustain this level of pressure.
[CHOPPER] How close are
we to Fishman Island?
Maybe the others have
already made it there!
[ROBIN]
Probably not.
According to Camie, it's
10,000 meters below sea level.
[CHOPPER]
And we have 3,000 more to go?
Those guys each have
a bubble and that's all!
Even if they are
somehow still alive,
they'll need more air!
None of this would've happened
if they used the safety ropes!
Freakin' out's not helping.
So let's get to work.
We can look for 'em
with my new searchlight.
Whoa!
Does it shine from your eyes?
You'll see.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
[FRANKY]
Franky Nipple Lights!
Why did they have to be there?
[gasps] Oh, wow.
So huge!
Scary!
[gasping]
[whimpers]
No.
Ah! There's no way!
[STRAW HATS screaming]
[FRANKY]
Let's get outta here!
[FRANKY] All right, everybody,
keep your eyes peeled.
They gotta be lookin' for us.
With any luck,
we'll find each other.
Luffy! Zoro! Sanji!
Where in the world
have you guys gone?
We need you all back!
[BROOK] Come out, come out
wherever you are!
Any time now! Really!
Damn it all!
This place is so vast,
and we're so far down,
Sunny's Eyes are
practically useless.
[BROOK]
I feel so helpless.
We can barely see.
It's no wonder that
everyone is on edge.
There's gotta be a better
way to tackle this.
You ladies got any ideas?
Keep searching and
just hope for the best.
We can't stop the
ship right now.
Surely they haven't
gone too far yet.
We can't give up on them.
[OTHERS]
Right.
[CHOPPER]
Uh! Look, a jellyfish!
It's like we're inside it!
It's huge! It feels like
it could swallow us whole!
And they're twinkling!
It's like a starry sky,
wherever they go!
[gasps] They're so beautiful!
Whoa. That's one long tentacle.
You, uh, wanna shake
hands and be friends?
[ROBIN]
Whatever you do, don't touch it!
It's probably venomous!
[screams]
Aw, crap!
No choice! Coup de Burst!
[USOPP, CHOPPER]
No way!
It ate that big jellyfish whole!
Uh. Not to mention, we lost
some air in that maneuver.
[FRANKY] It was better
than the alternative!
[ALL]
Huh?
But, yeah.
The Coup de Burst sucks in
air to make a quick launch.
Thing is, 'cause
we're underwater,
its only resource
is our air supply.
So obviously, when we use it,
our bubble shrinks a bit.
[BROOK]
That makes sense.
But it doesn't make
me feel better
about our coating deflating.
[screams]
The fish that attacked it
turned upside down!
[ROBIN] A neurotoxin.
I figured as much.
[USOPP, CHOPPER]
Huh?!
It's awful down here!
And dark! It's scary!
All these creepy creatures
with their freaky eyes!
Because the sea's so dark,
many of the animals that live
down here have poor eyesight.
[CHOPPER, USOPP sigh]
[CHOPPER] So they can't
see any better than us.
Hey! Losers! Where ya lookin'?
[ROBIN] However, there
are some that have
very developed eyes as well.
[CHOPPER, USOPP screaming]
Oh? You're curious as to how I
can see when I don't have eyes?
Of course you are.
But do you really want
to know the answer?
[BROOK laughs]
Drum roll!
[imitates drumming]
It's a secret!
Hey, Brook. Why is it you're
always talkin' to yourself?
It's a habit that comes
from being lonely.
Enough! Quit fooling around!
--[thud]
--[BROOK grunts]
--[USOPP grunts]
--[thud]
--[CHOPPER grunts]
No more violence, please.
[BOTH] Luffy! Zoro! Sanji!
Help us. Nami is scary.
[BROOK]
What's this?
Well, that's not good.
Hey, guys?
[FRANKY]
Huh?
[BROOK] Have any of you seen
the pirate who boarded the ship?
[FRANKY]
Oh, yeah, I forgot about him.
I'm sure he's around
here somewhere.
[CHOPPER]
But where is somewhere?
I haven't seen him for a while.
Not since we descended.
[CHOPPER] Do you think he
might've been thrown off
when everything went crazy?
Totally possible. I mean,
his arms and legs were tied up.
There's no way he could
hold on to anything
while we were rockin' around.
[BROOK]
Normally, I'd agree.
But it seems that he
freed himself. Look.
[CHOPPER, USOPP]
Huh?!
[chuckles]
[USOPP] So that drippy weirdo
escaped and he's... still here.
He's gotta be waiting us out
for a moment to attack.
[screams]
This is bad.
[chuckles]
[CARIBOU]
If you're so eager to see me,
I'd be happy to sneak into your
room tonight, sweetheart.
Damn it! We got enough problems.
We don't need this guy givin' us
one more thing to worry about!
Don't get worked up.
It's not like he's an actual
threat to any of us.
[chuckles]
[CARIBOU]
That's right, you think that.
You'll see how wrong you are
now that the three morons
who could put up a fight have
gotten themselves killed
fighting that kraken.
After all, there's no
way they've survived
getting sucked down into
the bowels of the ocean
with just those tiny bubbles
to protect them.
[FRANKY]
Uh?
[CARIBOU] Oh, what a shame
that I didn't have the chance
to kill Straw Hat
with my own hands.
But no one will ever
doubt that he's dead
once I come back with the rest
of his crew members' heads
in tow as my personal trophies.
No one at all.
[CAIRBOU laughs]
[CARIBOU] Mhm. But I
can't get too excited.
There's no need to rush.
If I killed them all now,
there wouldn't be anyone
left to sail the ship,
and then what would I do?
So I'll let them live for now,
while they can still
be useful to me.
Once we land on Fishman
Island, though,
I'm gonna slaughter you
down to the last man.
[CARIBOU laughs]
[FRANKY]
I found him, guys!
[CARIBOU]
Hey! Knock it off, dammit!
I wasn't doing
anything bad, I swear!
Let's see him break outta that.
How did he even manage
to get in there?
Because we weren't
paying attention to him.
If he weren't so stupid,
we could've been in trouble.
His body was like a big
mass of goo in there.
It didn't have a real shape.
So he was like a pile of mud?
[FRANKY] Yeah, if I had to
guess, it's a Devil Fruit power.
Most likely a Logia-Type
fruit at that.
He was giving us a false
sense of security,
'cause he could've
escaped at any time.
[CARIBOU] Get me outta here!
I'll behave, I swear!
You, in the banana hammock!
If you let me out,
I'll be your servant!
Come on!
Hm? You feelin' all
right, Chopper?
I dunno. It just
got really hot.
I can't stand the
heat. I'm dying.
Sheesh! It is warmer!
Uh! Wait a second.
Is that smoke?
We can't see what's in
front of us through that!
Smoke underwater? Can't be.
Actually, it can.
Is that--?
Hydrothermal deposits!
What?
Keep up! This is
a volcanic area!
For real?
[NAMI]
Yes, for real!
You can see where
there've been eruptions!
[FRANKY]
We have to get outta here, now!
If one of those erupts,
we're as good as dead!
It's hot. I'm so hot.
[CHOPPER] There's something
coming after us!
It's carnivorous tubeworms!
Got no choice.
Small one. Coup de Burst!
[BOTH scream]
[BROOK]
Faceless crabs!
[FRANKY] Have to risk it
again. Coup de Burst!
[ALL scream]
[USOPP] I don't even know what
the hell those things are!
Hang on, guys! Coup de Burst!
[CHOPPER]
The sea is awful! I hate it!
There's no way the others can
survive down here on their own.
I can't believe
this is happening.
And we'd only just
gotten back together.
Stop crying! Those three
are way too tough to die!
Even using the Coup de
Burst that sparingly,
we've lost so much air already!
Huh?
What is that? A light
in the darkness?
Wait, is that Fishman Island?
Maybe Luffy beat us there!
It can't be. We haven't
descended the last 3,000 meters.
"Who are you? A friend?"
Stop!
If you wanna flash signals,
do it without actually flashing!
Can you tell what it is?
[CHOPPER] No, it's still
too bright to see.
[gasps] Oh, no!
An anglerfish! We're screwed!
[CHOPPER screams]
The deep-sea hunter fooled us,
hook, line, and sinker!
[USOPP]
Uh! A little close that time!
There isn't anywhere
left for us to run.
What can we do?
[screams]
[whimpering]
This can't be happening!
It's human?
No! This doesn't make any sense!
A sea monster... that's
taken on the form of a man!
It's a sea bonze!
[CHOPPER] Ah! He's gonna
capsize the ship!
[ALL screaming]
What the--?
[WADATSUMI]
Hey, that's naughty!
You know better, Ankoro! Ugh.
You're not allowed to eat ships!
How many times do
I have to tell you?
Captain Vander Decken
won't be happy
when he hears about this.
Wait. Did he just help us?
Who freakin' cares?
Let's just make a break for it!
He might change his mind!
[WADATSUMI]
Uh?
[BROOK]
Huh?
Gah! Oh, please, no more!
[screams]
[NARRATOR] The legendary ghost
ship, the Flying Dutchman,
emerges from the darkness,
closing in on the
horrified Straw Hats.
However, before they encounter
its creepy captain,
a volcano erupts, sending
them diving into a trench.
What they find there
is not the sea floor
but another deadly nightmare.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Undersea Volcanic Eruption!
Drifting to the Fishman Island!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!